docs: clarify the purpose of the Action (#604)
ridedott/merge-me-action: README.md

[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

> This Actions approves and attempts to merges Pull Requests when triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Action approves and attempts to merge Pull Requests when triggered.
```
